Add creating pages doc (#31137)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/how-to/local-development/javascript-tooling.md

---
title: Javascript tooling
---

Gatsby offers support for the standard Javascript toolchain.

## Typescript

> Gatsby supports Typescript automatically, with the [ability to modify the default configuration](gatsby-plugin-typescript/) if desired.

Reviewer: link out to home pages for the different tech

## Bundling and transpilation

> Gatsby uses webpack to bundle files and Babel to transpile Javascript.

Reviewer: Just have bullets

- how to configure webpack
- how to configure Babel

> Gatsby ships with a default configuration that should work well for most projects, but if you want to modify it to load dependencies differently, use custom relative paths, include specific polyfills, or other customizations, you can [add custom webpack config](/docs/how-to/custom-configuration/add-custom-webpack-config/) and/or [use a custom .babelrc](/docs/how-to/custom-configuration/babel/)

Reviewer: mention that there are many gatsby plugins which handle webpack changes — often it's easier to use a community-support webpack modification than maintaining your own

> Gatsby ships with a default configuration that should work well for most projects, but if you want to modify it to load dependencies differently, use custom relative paths, include specific polyfills, or other customizations, you can [add custom webpack config](/docs/how-to/custom-configuration/add-custom-webpack-config/) and/or [use a custom .babelrc](/docs/how-to/custom-configuration/babel/)

Author: * How to configure webapck [link]
* How to configure babel

[Note about plugins already exist for common things]

---
title: Javascript tooling
---

Gatsby offers support for the standard Javascript toolchain.

## Typescript

Gatsby supports [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) automatically, with the [ability to modify the default configuration](/plugins/gatsby-plugin-typescript/) if desired.

## Bundling and transpilation

Gatsby uses [webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) to bundle files and [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) to transpile Javascript.

- [How to configure webpack](/docs/how-to/custom-configuration/add-custom-webpack-config/)
- [How to configure Babel](/docs/how-to/custom-configuration/babel/)

> A number of Gatsby plugins already exist for relatively common tasks; you can install these in your `gatsby-config.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most sites work great with the default configuration. Many common changes have [Gatsby plugins](/plugins) already which you can install in your `gatsby-config.js`.
```
